[Music]
today I left at random and the following
contract just came on thank you so happy
dance Brandon Hantz
huevos rancheros coffee and we're both
matching matchy yeah
cook shop one of my favorite spots in
Chelsea in Manhattan Brandon I just
learned a few weeks ago to paint healthy
food
I invited him to lunch to sweet green
you guys know I love free green and
salad and he was just like you said just
like I don't like healthy food
this is slanderous slanderous Capri
breeze knife you know you saw me no
friendly why yes I did it but then when
I went like on II run sleeping snapshots
she literally laughed at me while I
ordered it if you'd like this is not
green because it's just my baby I can't
go out to eat with Brandon because my
healthy life well I'm hopeful yesterday
and I saw that and I was angry I didn't
chuckling Greek I saw oh so I'm supposed
to be like okay let's go get like
homeless and then there you are eating
Chipotle infront of your TV's Wego a
healthy place
like oh he's the one that doesn't have a
booster - you need healthy beautiful
lifestyle of hippie monkeys change
around the next step gets the work done
with each other but I have abusive word
so I'm like I can get anywhere like that
if you release this told me to take the
train by myself so speedy rider who
supports Uptown helpless why didn't why
ride the train you have a boosted board
printing you need to get with it okay
it's starting it's starting to rain now
our solution is sit and induce
oh are you get around in York City when
your friend doesn't have a freakin board
bring the students - yes
it's about thank you
we're hustling hustling yeah this is my
first advertisement for the whiskey
sidecar after all these for all of these
low income internet is that your hands
will push this board you know this is
what we're about to face apparently
there's like a hurricane coming our way
there's a nor'easter and I have to
my apartment fairy
and now I wait toward this terrible
weather to come it's going to be some
good rain events but what's good about
the rainy vibes that's good
working vibes you know sometimes you've
noticed but there is no longer a MacPro
there the Apple trash can is no longer I
was borrowing that from Adobe for a year
because I was thinking it was going to
be lightning fast really turn through
all of my footage and help me get my
videos done quicker to things I travel
way too much to really suffice a desktop
setup to it really wasn't that fast it
was actually very disappointing a lot of
you guys were curious as to what my
computer setup is my main workhorse is
the laptop that I've had for a very long
time it's a 2012 MacBook Pro 16 gigs of
ram a until i7 and it's struggling um it
still does the work it gets my blogs
done it gets created spaces TV episodes
then but it is starting to struggle
especially when I do for case stuff and
you know I am continually doing
different stuff to the apartment
hopefully NYC apartments where will
happen soon but I'm still getting things
to make it look dope but this thing will
be my one and only computer setup for
the next few months I'm definitely going
to start setting aside some funds for a
new laptop set up I might borrow more
powerful ones in the next few months but
something that I missed
so much is the dual screen setup my
thing used to be just plug this into a
dot and then have to Apple monitors to
edit with I love having two screens and
I think I'm going to go back to that I
just don't know what screens I should
invest in I've used some Samsung ones
use some LG I would like to have this 4k
capability so I'm in the market that
will be a process and I'll keep you guys
involved
[Music]
it's kind of nasty on there and it's
ventures out into the cold it's not only
cold but it's rainy and with windy it's
so funny everyone out there has their
own Bella's and it's like super windy so
like holding holy odds and ends earlier
to your life and just everyone's face is
like like miserable okay getting stuff
done I wish I didn't have to go on there
dude don't know I am cook but it's
become even more this quote because my
criteria is broken so it's not like I
can keep leftovers or just like sandwich
stuff in the refrigerator also means I
have to drink warm Lacroix feel like I
did hope you are the same of your 2017
and Rock and I want you to comment down
below one thing you are crushing at it's
always so encouraging to hear other
people killing the game so comment down
below what is one thing you are killing
it and whether its fitness health work
family stuff let me know I want to read
some positive vibes I'm going to get
some food edit some more videos and yes
say vici okay bye excuse me sir
may I have an autograph yes because oh
because I think Sam the way and you and
me and Eric we have sometimes if you
don't follow us on Twitter